readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/uVLLkYc.png" height="200" width="800" align="center" />
</p>

# Peanut Craft
A custom mod pack by Norway174 and FluxBlunt.

The pack is made with the ultimate sandbox experience in mind.
Packed full of mods that we know and love!

## Links
[Curse Forge page](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/peanut-craft)

[How to install from GitHub](https://github.com/Norway174/Peanut-Craft/wiki/How-to-install-the-pack-from-GitHub)

[Report issues here](https://github.com/Norway174/Peanut-Craft/issues)

[Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/JdjcSHw)

## Mods:
1. [/dank/null (by TheRealp455w0rd)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/272514)
1. [Actually Additions (by Ellpeck)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228404)
1. [Actually Baubles (by Jacky1356400)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/273430)
1. [ActuallyComputers (by canitzp)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253005)
1. [Advanced Generators (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223622)
1. [Advanced Rocketry (by zmaster587)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/236542)
1. [AE2 Stuff (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225194)
1. [Akashic Tome (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250577) (NEW in 1.0.1)
1. [Angel Ring To Bauble (by Portablejim)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256224)
1. [AppleSkin (by squeek502)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248787)
1. [Applied Energistics 2 (by AlgorithmX2)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223794)
1. [Aroma1997Core (by Aroma1997)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223735)
1. [Aroma1997s Dimensional World (by Aroma1997)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/60092)
1. [Astral Sorcery (by HellFirePvP)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241721)
1. [AutoRegLib (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250363)
1. [Bad Wither No Cookie - Reloaded (by kreezxil)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/261251)
1. [Baubles (by azanor)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227083)
1. [BdLib (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/70496)
1. [Bed Bugs (by gr8pefish)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254508)
1. [BetterFps (by Guichaguri)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229876) (NEW in 1.0.1)
1. [Biomes O' Plenty (by Glitchfiend)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220318)
1. [Bookshelf (by darkh4x)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228525)
1. [Botania (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225643)
1. [Brandon's Core (by brandon3055)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231382)
1. [Chameleon (by jaquadro)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/230497)
1. [Chest Transporter (by CubeX2)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/78778)
1. [Chisel (by tterrag1098)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235279)
1. [Chisels & Bits (by AlgorithmX2)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231095)
1. [CodeChicken Lib 1.8.+ (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242818)
1. [CoFH Core (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69162)
1. [CoFH World (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/271384)
1. [Common Capabilities (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247007)
1. [Compact Machines (by Davenonymous)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224218)
1. [ComputerCraft (by dantwohundred)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/67504)
1. [ConnectedTexturesMod (by tterrag1098)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267602)
1. [Controlling (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250398)
1. [Cooking for Blockheads (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231484)
1. [Cosmetic Armor Reworked (by ZLainSama)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237307)
1. [Crafting Tweaks (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233071)
1. [CraftTweaker (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239197)
1. [Cucumber Library (by BlakeBr0)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/272335)
1. [Custom Main Menu (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226406)
1. [Cyclic (by Lothrazar)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239286)
1. [Cyclops Core (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/232758)
1. [Dark Utilities (by darkh4x)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242195)
1. [Deep Resonance (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233398)
1. [Draconic Evolution (by brandon3055)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223565)
1. [ElecCore (by Elec332)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227391)
1. [EluLib (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277064)
1. [Ender IO (by CrazyPants_MC)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/64578)
1. [Ender Storage 1.8.+ (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245174)
1. [EnderCore (by tterrag1098)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231868)
1. [EnderTanks (by ShetiPhian)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59613)
1. [Environmental Tech (by ValkyrieofNight)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245453)
1. [ET Lunar [Environmental Tech Addon] (by ValkyrieofNight)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253565)
1. [Exchangers (by Jacky1356400)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/270183)
1. [Extra Utilities (by RWTema)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225561)
1. [ExtraCells2 (by Destroyer7128)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229218)
1. [Extreme Reactors (by ZeroNoRyouki)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250277)
1. [Fast Leaf Decay (by Olafskii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/230976)
1. [Flux Networks (by Ollie_Lansdell)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248020)
1. [Forestry (by SirSengir)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59751)
1. [Forge MultiPart CBE (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/258426)
1. [FTB Utilities (by FTB)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237102)
1. [FTBLib (by FTB)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237167)
1. [Funky Locomotion (by RWTema)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224190)
1. [Gadgetry: Core (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282775)
1. [Gadgetry: Machines (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282776)
1. [Gendustry (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/70492)
1. [GraveStone Mod (by EuhDawson)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238551)
1. [Guide-API (by TehNut)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228832)
1. [Hammer Core (by apengu_)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247401)
1. [Hat Stand (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229076)
1. [Hats (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229073)
1. [iChunUtil (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229060)
1. [Immersive Engineering (by BluSunrize)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231951)
1. [Immersive Railroading (by cam72cam)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277736)
1. [Industrial Craft (by Player)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242638)
1. [Industrial Foregoing (by Buuz135)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/266515)
1. [Integrated Dynamics (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/236307)
1. [Integrated Tunnels (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/251389)
1. [Integration Foregoing (by Jacky1356400)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277938)
1. [Inventory Sorter (by cpw11)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240633)
1. [Inventory Tweaks (by Kobata)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223094)
1. [Iron Backpacks (by gr8pefish)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227049)
1. [Iron Chests (by progwml6)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228756)
1. [JourneyMap (by techbrew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/32274)
1. [Just Enough HarvestCraft (JEHC) (by mrAppleXZ)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267939)
1. [Just Enough Items (JEI) (by mezz)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238222)
1. [Just Enough Resources (JER) (by Way2muchnoise)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240630)
1. [KleeSlabs (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241895)
1. [LibVulpes (by zmaster587)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/236541)
1. [MalisisCore (by Ordinastie)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223896)
1. [MalisisDoors (by Ordinastie)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223891)
1. [Mantle (by mDiyo)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/74924)
1. [McJtyLib (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233105)
1. [ME Capability Adapter (by ruifung)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/281657)
1. [MeeCreeps (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/281390)
1. [Mekanism (by aidancbrady)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268560)
1. [Mekanism Generators (by aidancbrady)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268566)
1. [Mekanism Tools (by aidancbrady)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268567)
1. [MineTogether (by Creeperhost)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267172)
1. [Mob Grinding Utils (by Vadis365)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254241)
1. [ModTweaker (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220954)
1. [More Overlays (by feldim2425)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243478)
1. [Morpheus (by Quetzi)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69118)
1. [Mouse Tweaks (by YaLTeR97)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/60089)
1. [MTLib (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253211)
1. [Mystical Agradditions (by BlakeBr0)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256247)
1. [Mystical Agriculture (by BlakeBr0)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/246640)
1. [NetherPortalFix (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241160)
1. [Not Enough Wands (by romelo333)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235595)
1. [NuclearCraft (by TLJGames)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226254)
1. [OMLib (by Keridos)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254334)
1. [OpenBlocks (by OpenMods)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228816)
1. [OpenBlocks Elevator (by VsnGamer)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250832)
1. [OpenComputers (by SangarWasTaken)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223008)
1. [OpenModsLib (by OpenMods)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228815)
1. [OpenModularTurrets (by Poenjabiesous)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224663)
1. [p455w0rd's Library (by TheRealp455w0rd)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/255232)
1. [Pam's HarvestCraft (by MatrexsVigil)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/221857)
1. [PlusTiC (by Landmaster_phuong0429)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/260327)
1. [ProjectE (by sinkillerj)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226410)
1. [Psi (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241665)
1. [QuantumStorage (by Gigabit1011)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235121)
1. [Quark (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243121)
1. [Quick Leaf Decay (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225839)
1. [Random Things (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59816)
1. [Ranged Pumps (by raoulvdberge)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247496)
1. [ReAuth (by TechnicianLP)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237701)
1. [Reborn Core (by modmuss50)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237903)
1. [Reborn Storage (by modmuss50)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256662)
1. [Redstone Arsenal (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/70631)
1. [Redstone Flux (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/270789)
1. [Refined Storage (by raoulvdberge)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243076)
1. [Refined Storage Addons (by raoulvdberge)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/272302)
1. [Reliquary v1.3 (by P3pp3rF1y)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241319)
1. [Resource Loader (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226447)
1. [RF Lux (by romelo333)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250207)
1. [RFTools (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224641)
1. [RFTools Control (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250763)
1. [RFTools Dimensions (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240950)
1. [Roots (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/246183)
1. [Shadowfacts' Forgelin (by shadowfactsmc)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248453)
1. [ShetiPhianCore (by ShetiPhian)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/71738)
1. [Solar Flux Reborn (by apengu_)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/246974)
1. [Sonar Core (by Ollie_Lansdell)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239418)
1. [Soul Shards: The Old Ways (by SgtPunishment)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226958)
1. [Steve's Carts Reborn (by modmuss50)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253462)
1. [Storage Drawers (by jaquadro)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223852)
1. [Sync (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229090)
1. [Tesla Core Lib (by Face_of_Cat)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254602)
1. [The Lost Cities (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/269024)
1. [The One Probe (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245211)
1. [Thermal Cultivation (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/271835)
1. [Thermal Dynamics (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227443)
1. [Thermal Expansion (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69163)
1. [Thermal Foundation (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/222880)
1. [Tinkers Construct (by mDiyo)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/74072)
1. [Tinkers' Addons (by oitsjustjose)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245549)
1. [Tinkers' Tool Leveling (by bonusboni)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250957)
1. [Tiny Progressions (by Kashdeya)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250850)
1. [TorchMaster (by xalcon)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254268)
1. [Track API (by cam72cam)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282613)
1. [Translocators 1.8.+ (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247695)
1. [UniDict (by WanionCane)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244258)
1. [ValkyrieLib (by ValkyrieofNight)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245480)
1. [VeinMiner (by Portablejim)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/67133)
1. [WanionLib (by WanionCane)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253043)
1. [Waystones (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245755)
1. [Wireless Crafting Terminal (by TheRealp455w0rd)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244559)
1. [Woot (by Ipsis)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244049)
1. [XNet (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/260912)
1. [YABBA (by LatvianModder)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/255177)
1. [ZeroCore (by ZeroNoRyouki)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247921)

Commit message:

Removed 5 mods, added 2 mods
MODS:
+ Stargate Atlantis
+ Genetics Reborn
- Deep Resonance
- ElecCore
- Gadgetry: Core
- Gadgetry: Machines
- EluLib

CONFIGS:
* Updated automatic generations. No notable changes.

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/uVLLkYc.png" height="200" width="800" align="center" />
</p>

# Peanut Craft
A custom mod pack by Norway174 and FluxBlunt.

The pack is made with the ultimate sandbox experience in mind.
Packed full of mods that we know and love!

## Links
[Curse Forge page](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/peanut-craft)

[How to install from GitHub](https://github.com/Norway174/Peanut-Craft/wiki/How-to-install-the-pack-from-GitHub)

[Report issues here](https://github.com/Norway174/Peanut-Craft/issues)

[Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/JdjcSHw)

## Mods:
1. [/dank/null (by TheRealp455w0rd)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/272514)
1. [Actually Additions (by Ellpeck)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228404)
1. [Actually Baubles (by Jacky1356400)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/273430)
1. [ActuallyComputers (by canitzp)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253005)
1. [Advanced Generators (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223622)
1. [Advanced Rocketry (by zmaster587)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/236542)
1. [AE2 Stuff (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225194)
1. [Akashic Tome (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250577) (NEW in 1.0.1)
1. [Angel Ring To Bauble (by Portablejim)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256224)
1. [AppleSkin (by squeek502)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248787)
1. [Applied Energistics 2 (by AlgorithmX2)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223794)
1. [Aroma1997Core (by Aroma1997)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223735)
1. [Aroma1997s Dimensional World (by Aroma1997)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/60092)
1. [Astral Sorcery (by HellFirePvP)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241721)
1. [AutoRegLib (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250363)
1. [Bad Wither No Cookie - Reloaded (by kreezxil)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/261251)
1. [Baubles (by azanor)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227083)
1. [BdLib (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/70496)
1. [Bed Bugs (by gr8pefish)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254508)
1. [BetterFps (by Guichaguri)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229876) (NEW in 1.0.1)
1. [Biomes O' Plenty (by Glitchfiend)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220318)
1. [Bookshelf (by darkh4x)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228525)
1. [Botania (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225643)
1. [Brandon's Core (by brandon3055)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231382)
1. [Chameleon (by jaquadro)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/230497)
1. [Chest Transporter (by CubeX2)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/78778)
1. [Chisel (by tterrag1098)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235279)
1. [Chisels & Bits (by AlgorithmX2)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231095)
1. [CodeChicken Lib 1.8.+ (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242818)
1. [CoFH Core (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69162)
1. [CoFH World (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/271384)
1. [Common Capabilities (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247007)
1. [Compact Machines (by Davenonymous)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224218)
1. [ComputerCraft (by dantwohundred)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/67504)
1. [ConnectedTexturesMod (by tterrag1098)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267602)
1. [Controlling (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250398)
1. [Cooking for Blockheads (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231484)
1. [Cosmetic Armor Reworked (by ZLainSama)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237307)
1. [Crafting Tweaks (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233071)
1. [CraftTweaker (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239197)
1. [Cucumber Library (by BlakeBr0)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/272335)
1. [Custom Main Menu (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226406)
1. [Cyclic (by Lothrazar)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239286)
1. [Cyclops Core (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/232758)
1. [Dark Utilities (by darkh4x)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242195)
1. ~~[Deep Resonance (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233398)~~ (REMOVED in 1.0.2)
1. [Draconic Evolution (by brandon3055)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223565)
1. ~~[ElecCore (by Elec332)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227391)~~ (REMOVED in 1.0.2)
1. ~~[EluLib (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277064)~~ (REMOVED in 1.0.2)
1. [Ender IO (by CrazyPants_MC)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/64578)
1. [Ender Storage 1.8.+ (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245174)
1. [EnderCore (by tterrag1098)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231868)
1. [EnderTanks (by ShetiPhian)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59613)
1. [Environmental Tech (by ValkyrieofNight)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245453)
1. [ET Lunar [Environmental Tech Addon] (by ValkyrieofNight)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253565)
1. [Exchangers (by Jacky1356400)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/270183)
1. [Extra Utilities (by RWTema)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225561)
1. [ExtraCells2 (by Destroyer7128)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229218)
1. [Extreme Reactors (by ZeroNoRyouki)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250277)
1. [Fast Leaf Decay (by Olafskii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/230976)
1. [Flux Networks (by Ollie_Lansdell)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248020)
1. [Forestry (by SirSengir)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59751)
1. [Forge MultiPart CBE (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/258426)
1. [FTB Utilities (by FTB)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237102)
1. [FTBLib (by FTB)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237167)
1. [Funky Locomotion (by RWTema)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224190)
1. ~~[Gadgetry: Core (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282775)~~ (REMOVED in 1.0.2)
1. ~~[Gadgetry: Machines (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282776)~~ (REMOVED in 1.0.2)
1. [Gendustry (by bdew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/70492)
1. [Genetics Reborn (by TheUnderTaker11)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256989) (NEW in 1.0.2)
1. [GraveStone Mod (by EuhDawson)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238551)
1. [Guide-API (by TehNut)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228832)
1. [Hammer Core (by apengu_)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247401)
1. [Hat Stand (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229076)
1. [Hats (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229073)
1. [iChunUtil (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229060)
1. [Immersive Engineering (by BluSunrize)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231951)
1. [Immersive Railroading (by cam72cam)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277736)
1. [Industrial Craft (by Player)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242638)
1. [Industrial Foregoing (by Buuz135)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/266515)
1. [Integrated Dynamics (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/236307)
1. [Integrated Tunnels (by kroeser)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/251389)
1. [Integration Foregoing (by Jacky1356400)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277938)
1. [Inventory Sorter (by cpw11)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240633)
1. [Inventory Tweaks (by Kobata)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223094)
1. [Iron Backpacks (by gr8pefish)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227049)
1. [Iron Chests (by progwml6)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228756)
1. [JourneyMap (by techbrew)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/32274)
1. [Just Enough HarvestCraft (JEHC) (by mrAppleXZ)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267939)
1. [Just Enough Items (JEI) (by mezz)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238222)
1. [Just Enough Resources (JER) (by Way2muchnoise)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240630)
1. [KleeSlabs (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241895)
1. [LibVulpes (by zmaster587)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/236541)
1. [MalisisCore (by Ordinastie)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223896)
1. [MalisisDoors (by Ordinastie)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223891)
1. [Mantle (by mDiyo)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/74924)
1. [McJtyLib (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233105)
1. [ME Capability Adapter (by ruifung)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/281657)
1. [MeeCreeps (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/281390)
1. [Mekanism (by aidancbrady)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268560)
1. [Mekanism Generators (by aidancbrady)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268566)
1. [Mekanism Tools (by aidancbrady)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268567)
1. [MineTogether (by Creeperhost)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267172)
1. [Mob Grinding Utils (by Vadis365)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254241)
1. [ModTweaker (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220954)
1. [More Overlays (by feldim2425)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243478)
1. [Morpheus (by Quetzi)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69118)
1. [Mouse Tweaks (by YaLTeR97)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/60089)
1. [MTLib (by jaredlll08)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253211)
1. [Mystical Agradditions (by BlakeBr0)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256247)
1. [Mystical Agriculture (by BlakeBr0)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/246640)
1. [NetherPortalFix (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241160)
1. [Not Enough Wands (by romelo333)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235595)
1. [NuclearCraft (by TLJGames)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226254)
1. [OMLib (by Keridos)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254334)
1. [OpenBlocks (by OpenMods)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228816)
1. [OpenBlocks Elevator (by VsnGamer)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250832)
1. [OpenComputers (by SangarWasTaken)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223008)
1. [OpenModsLib (by OpenMods)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228815)
1. [OpenModularTurrets (by Poenjabiesous)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224663)
1. [p455w0rd's Library (by TheRealp455w0rd)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/255232)
1. [Pam's HarvestCraft (by MatrexsVigil)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/221857)
1. [PlusTiC (by Landmaster_phuong0429)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/260327)
1. [ProjectE (by sinkillerj)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226410)
1. [Psi (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241665)
1. [QuantumStorage (by Gigabit1011)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235121)
1. [Quark (by Vazkii)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243121)
1. [Quick Leaf Decay (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225839)
1. [Random Things (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59816)
1. [Ranged Pumps (by raoulvdberge)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247496)
1. [ReAuth (by TechnicianLP)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237701)
1. [Reborn Core (by modmuss50)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237903)
1. [Reborn Storage (by modmuss50)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256662)
1. [Redstone Arsenal (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/70631)
1. [Redstone Flux (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/270789)
1. [Refined Storage (by raoulvdberge)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243076)
1. [Refined Storage Addons (by raoulvdberge)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/272302)
1. [Reliquary v1.3 (by P3pp3rF1y)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/241319)
1. [Resource Loader (by lumien231)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226447)
1. [RF Lux (by romelo333)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250207)
1. [RFTools (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224641)
1. [RFTools Control (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250763)
1. [RFTools Dimensions (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240950)
1. [Roots (by elucent)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/246183)
1. [Shadowfacts' Forgelin (by shadowfactsmc)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248453)
1. [ShetiPhianCore (by ShetiPhian)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/71738)
1. [Solar Flux Reborn (by apengu_)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/246974)
1. [Sonar Core (by Ollie_Lansdell)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239418)
1. [Soul Shards: The Old Ways (by SgtPunishment)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226958)
1. [Stargate Atlantiscraft (by AngelShadow9451)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/286845) (NEW in 1.0.2)
1. [Steve's Carts Reborn (by modmuss50)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253462)
1. [Storage Drawers (by jaquadro)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223852)
1. [Sync (by iChun)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229090)
1. [Tesla Core Lib (by Face_of_Cat)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254602)
1. [The Lost Cities (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/269024)
1. [The One Probe (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245211)
1. [Thermal Cultivation (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/271835)
1. [Thermal Dynamics (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227443)
1. [Thermal Expansion (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69163)
1. [Thermal Foundation (by TeamCoFH)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/222880)
1. [Tinkers Construct (by mDiyo)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/74072)
1. [Tinkers' Addons (by oitsjustjose)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245549)
1. [Tinkers' Tool Leveling (by bonusboni)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250957)
1. [Tiny Progressions (by Kashdeya)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250850)
1. [TorchMaster (by xalcon)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254268)
1. [Track API (by cam72cam)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282613)
1. [Translocators 1.8.+ (by covers1624)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247695)
1. [UniDict (by WanionCane)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244258)
1. [ValkyrieLib (by ValkyrieofNight)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245480)
1. [VeinMiner (by Portablejim)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/67133)
1. [WanionLib (by WanionCane)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253043)
1. [Waystones (by BlayTheNinth)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245755)
1. [Wireless Crafting Terminal (by TheRealp455w0rd)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244559)
1. [Woot (by Ipsis)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244049)
1. [XNet (by McJty)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/260912)
1. [YABBA (by LatvianModder)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/255177)
1. [ZeroCore (by ZeroNoRyouki)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/247921)
